#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via gradio
altair==5.3.0
    # via gradio
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.3.0
    # via weaviate-client
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via unstructured
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==5.2.0
    # via unstructured
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   pdfminer-six
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.5
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   pdfminer-six
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.4
    # via unstructured
dataclasses-json-speakeasy==0.5.11
    # via unstructured-client
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via pikepdf
effdet==0.4.1
    # via layoutparser
emoji==2.11.0
    # via unstructured
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.110.1
    # via gradio
ffmpy==0.3.2
    # via gradio
filelock==3.13.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2024.3.1
    # via
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gradio==4.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
gradio-client==0.15.0
    # via gradio
grpcio==1.62.2
    # via
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   weaviate-client
grpcio-health-checking==1.62.2
    # via weaviate-client
grpcio-tools==1.62.2
    # via weaviate-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   ollama
    #   weaviate-client
huggingface-hub==0.22.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via gradio
iopath==0.1.10
    # via layoutparser
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpath-python==1.0.6
    # via unstructured-client
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
layoutparser[layoutmodels,tesseract]==0.3.4
    # via unstructured-inference
loguru==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==5.2.1
    # via
    #   pikepdf
    #   python-docx
    #   python-pptx
    #   unstructured
markdown==3.6
    # via unstructured
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.21.1
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
matplotlib==3.8.4
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   pycocotools
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msg-parser==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured-client
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   torch
    #   unstructured
nltk==3.8.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   gradio
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   pandas
    #   pycocotools
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.19.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via msg-parser
ollama==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via effdet
onnx==1.16.0
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
onnxruntime==1.15.1
    # via unstructured-inference
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured-inference
opencv-python-headless==4.9.0.80
    # via -r requirements.in
openpyxl==3.1.2
    # via unstructured
orjson==3.10.0
    # via gradio
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pikepdf
    #   pytesseract
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured-client
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   gradio
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   unstructured
pdfminer-six==20231228
    # via
    #   pdfplumber
    #   unstructured
pdfplumber==0.11.0
    # via layoutparser
pikepdf==8.15.1
    # via unstructured
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   layoutparser
    #   matplotlib
    #   pdf2image
    #   pdfplumber
    #   pikepdf
    #   pillow-heif
    #   pytesseract
    #   python-pptx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   unstructured-pytesseract
pillow-heif==0.16.0
    # via unstructured
portalocker==2.8.2
    # via iopath
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   grpcio-health-checking
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   onnx
    #   onnxruntime
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via effdet
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   weaviate-client
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pypandoc==1.13
    # via unstructured
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pypdf==4.2.0
    # via unstructured
pypdfium2==4.29.0
    # via pdfplumber
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via layoutparser
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   unstructured-client
python-docx==1.1.0
    # via unstructured
python-iso639==2024.2.7
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   unstructured-inference
python-pptx==0.6.23
    # via unstructured
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   layoutparser
    #   omegaconf
    #   timm
    #   transformers
rapidfuzz==3.8.1
    # via
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-inference
referencing==0.34.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.12.25
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   weaviate-client
rich==13.7.1
    # via typer
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.3.5
    # via gradio
safetensors==0.4.2
    # via
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   layoutparser
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via gradio
sentence-transformers==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
    #   unstructured-client
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via unstructured
threadpoolctl==3.4.0
    # via scikit-learn
timm==0.9.16
    # via effdet
tokenizers==0.15.2
    # via transformers
tomlkit==0.12.0
    # via gradio
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
torch==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchvision
torchaudio==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torchvision==0.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   effdet
    #   layoutparser
    #   timm
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.39.3
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   unstructured-inference
triton==2.2.0
    # via torch
typer[all]==0.12.1
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   typer
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
    #   gradio-client
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   iopath
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pypdf
    #   python-docx
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   unstructured
    #   unstructured-client
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   dataclasses-json-speakeasy
    #   unstructured-client
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
unstructured[local-inference]==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.18.0
    # via unstructured
unstructured-inference==0.7.25
    # via unstructured
unstructured-pytesseract==0.3.12
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured-client
uvicorn==0.29.0
    # via gradio
validators==0.22.0
    # via weaviate-client
weaviate-client==4.5.5
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==11.0.3
    # via gradio-client
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   unstructured
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via unstructured
xlsxwriter==3.2.0
    # via python-pptx

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
